1.Write a Python program to copy the contents of a file to another file

2.Write a Python programto combine each line from first file with the corresponding line in second file.

3.Write a Python program to write 10 random numbers into a file. Read the file and then sort the numbers and then store it to another file.

4.Write a program to read through the mbox-short.txt and
figure out the distribution by hour of the day for each of the messages.
You can pull the hour out from the 'From ' line by finding the time
and then splitting the string a second time using a colon.
From stephen.marquard@uct.ac.za Sat Jan  5 09:14:16 2008
Once you have accumulated the counts for each hour, print out the counts,
sorted by hour as shown below. Note that the autograder
does not have support for the sorted() function.

5.Write a function which count number of lines and number of words in a text. All the files are in the data the folder: a) Read obama_speech.txt file and count number of lines and words b) Read michelle_obama_speech.txt file and count number of lines and words c) Read donald_speech.txt file and count number of lines and words d) Read melina_trump_speech.txt file and count number of lines and words

6.Find the most common words in the English language. Call the name of your function find_most_common_words, it will take two parameters - a string or a file and a positive integer, indicating the number of words. Your function will return an array of tuples in descending order. Check the output

7.Write a program that computes the net amount of a bank account based a transaction log from console input. The transaction log format is shown as following: D 100 W 200

D means deposit while W means withdrawal. Suppose the following input is supplied to the program: D 300 D 300 W 200 D 100 Then, the output should be: 500

8.Assuming that we have some email addresses in the "username@companyname.com" format, please write program to print the company name of a given email address. Both user names and company names are composed of letters only.

Example: If the following email address is given as input to the program:

john@google.com

Then, the output of the program should be:

google

In case of input data being supplied to the question, it should be assumed to be a console input.